---
layout: single
title:  "DENV"
categories: research-3
tag: [research, WGS, NGS, DENV]
toc: true
author_profile: false
typora-root-url: ../
---

# My Research Area 

Let's me explain my research area

<br/>

## Dengue Virus (DENV)

​	Dengue Fever is caused by the Dengue Virus, transmitted through the *Aedes aegypti* and *Aedes albopictus* mosquitoes. The Dengue Virus can be categorized into four serotypes: DENV-1, DENV-2, DENV-3, and DENV-4, each with multiple genotypes. The Asian region accounts for approximately 70% of global Dengue cases, with a notable rise observed in Pakistan. The spread of Dengue is being exacerbated by increased travel and trade, the resurgence of international mobility post-COVID-19, and vector habitat expansion due to urbanization and climate change, raising concerns about potential outbreaks in Korea. The World Health Organization (WHO) identifies Dengue as a significant public health challenge, yet effective treatments or vaccines remain undeveloped. <br/>

​	Being an RNA virus, the Dengue Virus exhibits high mutation rates which can impact its transmissibility, severity, immune evasion, and diagnostic challenges. Current diagnostic methods, such as virus cultivation, antigen and antibody testing, and nucleic acid amplification, have limitations in identifying rapid viral mutations, thereby affecting the accuracy and efficiency of disease surveillance and management. <br/>

​	This study marked a significant methodological advancement by transitioning from short-read singleplex PCR to long-read multiplex PCR and developed a comprehensive whole-genome analysis method for the Dengue Virus using the Oxford Nanopore Technologies platforms. This approach facilitated a detailed exploration of the genetic characteristics of Dengue Virus strains from Korea and Pakistan. While no domestic Dengue Fever cases have been reported in Korea, the frequency of cases imported from abroad is rising. Furthermore, the genetic analyses of strains from Pakistan showed high similarity to those from other countries, highlighting the need for global cooperation in combating the threat of cross-border Dengue Virus transmission. The whole-genome analysis techniques established in this study are anticipated to significantly enhance field diagnostics for Dengue Fever, aid in its prevention and control, and accelerate the development of vaccines and treatments based on an in-depth understanding of the virus's molecular properties.

<br/>

 [Figure2.tif](C:\Users\c\Desktop\취업준비\DENV-DH\Figure2.tif) 



